---
layout: post
title:  "Intent"
date:   2015-06-16
permalink: /blog/intent
---
So, I've been working on the web for a long time now. Close to a decade.

And I've learned a lot. A lot about design, coding HTML and CSS, writing for the web, and even a bit about building communities online. I've been part of teams big(ish) and small, and have released a [few projects](http://rodriguezcommaj.com/books) entirely on my own. I've even managed to carve out [a name for myself](http://rodriguezcommaj.com/about) in the world of email design.

But, I've always wanted to learn how to program without ever giving it a serious attempt. There have been fits and starts, half-assed tries at whatever tutorial caught my eye that week, and a few blog posts about good intentions. It's gotten to the point where I loathe myself for giving up.

So, now is the time to change that. With another blog post full of good intentions. And better plans.

Starting today, I'm dedicating a good portion of my free time to learning how to program for the web. I've marked my to-do app, there are calendar events aplenty, and I have gathered up my resources. This blog is where I'm going to document that process, talk about code, and release whatever I come up with. It should be a fun (albeit trying) adventure, but one that I'm excited to start.

I plan on posting at least once a week about what I'm learning (sometimes more, but never less), beginning with a post—detailing my plan to learn web development—later this week. You can follow along with me right here, or over on [Twitter](http://twitter.com/shutterforth).

Here's to one more blog post and a lifetime of learning.